Pluginsd doc (#13273)
netdata/netdata: collectors/plugins.d/README.md

Any program that can print a few values to its standard output can become a Netdata external plugin.

Netdata parses 9 lines starting with:

-    `CHART` - create or update a chart
-    `DIMENSION` - add or update a dimension to the chart just created
-    `BEGIN` - initialize data collection for a chart
-    `SET` - set the value of a dimension for the initialized chart
-    `END` - complete data collection for the initialized chart
-    `FLUSH` - ignore the last collected values
-    `DISABLE` - disable this plugin

> -    `CLABEL` - Define label for a specific chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-    `CLABEL` - add a label to a chart
```

> -    `CLABEL_COMMIT` - merge label definition for a chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-    `CLABEL_COMMIT` - commit added labels to the chart.
```

Variables are transferred to upstream Netdata servers (streaming and database replication).

#### CLABEL

> CLABEL name value source

`CLABEL` defines a label used to organize and identify a chart.

Label names should use alphanumeric characters.

> Value is also a alphanumeric field and when more than one word is needed, it is necessary to use quotes.

Reviewer: @thiagoftsm 

```md
| Character           | Symbol | Label Name | Label Value |
|---------------------|:------:|:----------:|:-----------:|
| UTF-8 character     | UTF-8  |     _      |    keep     |
| Lower case letter   | [a-z]  |    keep    |    keep     |
| Upper case letter   | [A-Z]  |    keep    |    [a-z]    |
| Digit               | [0-9]  |    keep    |    keep     |
| Underscore          |   _    |    keep    |    keep     |
| Minus               |   -    |    keep    |    keep     |
| Plus                |   +    |     _      |    keep     |
| Colon               |   :    |     _      |    keep     |
| Semicolon           |   ;    |     _      |      :      |
| Equal               |   =    |     _      |      :      |
| Period              |   .    |    keep    |    keep     |
| Comma               |   ,    |     .      |      .      |
| Slash               |   /    |    keep    |    keep     |
| Backslash           |   \    |     /      |      /      |
| At                  |   @    |     _      |    keep     |
| Space               |  ' '   |     _      |    keep     |
| Opening parenthesis |   (    |     _      |    keep     |
| Closing parenthesis |   )    |     _      |    keep     |
| Anything else       |        |     _      |      _      |
```

> Value is also a alphanumeric field and when more than one word is needed, it is necessary to use quotes.

Author: We thought the same thing, but you were quicker than me, thanks! :laughing:

Variables are transferred to upstream Netdata servers (streaming and database replication).

#### CLABEL

> CLABEL name value source

`CLABEL` defines a label used to organize and identify a chart.

> Name and value accept characters according the following table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Name and value accept characters according to the following table:
```

| Lower case letter   | [a-z]  |    keep    |    keep     |
| Upper case letter   | [A-Z]  |    keep    |    [a-z]    |
| Digit               | [0-9]  |    keep    |    keep     |
| Underscore          |   _    |    keep    |    keep     |
| Minus               |   -    |    keep    |    keep     |
| Plus                |   +    |     _      |    keep     |
| Colon               |   :    |     _      |    keep     |
| Semicolon           |   ;    |     _      |      :      |
| Equal               |   =    |     _      |      :      |
| Period              |   .    |    keep    |    keep     |
| Comma               |   ,    |     .      |      .      |
| Slash               |   /    |    keep    |    keep     |
| Backslash           |   \    |     /      |      /      |
| At                  |   @    |     _      |    keep     |
| Space               |  ' '   |     _      |    keep     |
| Opening parenthesis |   (    |     _      |    keep     |
| Closing parenthesis |   )    |     _      |    keep     |
| Anything else       |        |     _      |      _      |

The `source` is an integer field that can have the following values:

> - `1`: The value was set automatically
> - `2`: The value was set manually
> - `4`: This is a K8 label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `1`: The value was set automatically.
- `2`: The value was set manually.
- `4`: This is a K8 label.
```

- `8`: This is a label defined using `netdata` agent cloud link.

#### CLABEL_COMMIT

> `CLABEL_COMMIT` will indicate to netdata that all labels were defined and chart can be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CLABEL_COMMIT` indicates that all labels were defined and the chart can be updated.
```
